editor-crashed
It seems that Greenfoot crashed while writing this class
to disk last time. The source code may be missing or 
incomplete. There should be a backup of this class 
in the project folder. If this class seems damaged,
   1 - quit Greenfoot
   2 - backup your project folder (just in case)
   3 - look into the project folder for a backup of
       this java file. Rename it to the original
       file name (with a '.java' suffix)

error-create-vm
Greenfoot was unable to create a virtual machine (VM) to execute scenarios.
Often this is caused by overly restrictive firewall settings.
Please see [ http://www.greenfoot.org/doc/firewall ] for more
information.

project-is-readonly
The scenario being opened is read-only:
:
    $
:
To use this scenario, you will first need to choose a new
location to save it to.

cannot-save-project
The scenario could not be saved to the specified
location. Check that you have write access, or
choose another location.

cannot-create-project
The scenario could not be created. Check that
the containing folder is writable.

error-saving-project
There was an error when trying to save scenario files to disk.
The project may not have saved correctly!

project-already-exists
The specified scenario folder already exists. To create a
new scenario, choose a location and specify a unique name
(you must specify the name in the file dialog).

could-not-open-project
The scenario could not be opened. Check that you have
correct permissions on the folder and files within it.

archive-not-greenfoot-project
The archive file you selected to open does not look like it
contains a Greenfoot scenario (try extracting the archive
contents using another tool).

no-clipboard-image-data
There is no image data on the clipboard to paste.

file-exists-overwrite
The file "$" already exists. Do you want to overwrite it?
Overwrite
Cancel
null

imagelib-delete-confirm
Are you sure you want to delete "$"?
Delete
Cancel
null

import-image-exists
The current project already contains an image file named $.
The imported class will use the existing image.

import-class-exists
The current project already contains a class named $. A class
of the same name cannot be imported.

imagelib-writing-image-failed
Unable to write the image file on the disk. Check if the disk
is full or write-protected.

cannot-read-apidoc
The API documentation is missing or unable to be read:

export-compile-not-compiled
Not all the classes in the scenario are compiled. To continue
with the export, check for errors.

error-open-readme
The scenario information (README) could not be opened. Perhaps
it has been deleted or its permissions have been set incorrectly.

greenfoot-importfix-question
Would you like to automatically update your code to match this change?
Yes, update my code
No, I will update manually
null

cannot-save-world
It is not possible to save the world after using Act/Run.
Reset, set up the world, then save - before using Act/Run.

terminate-for-reset
The scenario is currently waiting for input.  To proceed you need
to terminate the current execution.
Terminate current execution
Cancel
null
